# Live Devpost source verification

URL: https://webmcp.devpost.com/
HTTP bytes: 103544
SHA-256: 7ff4bc7757bec9b659d6112ec1fbbc50d430ae188d81345d2dee0832a1f5f22a
MATCH public code repository: emo video . A <3-minute public YouTube video showing a clear demo with audio that covers what you built and how you used WebMCP URL to your public code repository (on GitHub, GitLab and Bitbucket) that must contain: All necessary source code, assets, and instructions required for the project to be functional Must be open source by including an open source license file. This licen
MATCH open source license:  contain: All necessary source code, assets, and instructions required for the project to be functional Must be open source by including an open source license file. This license should be detectable and visible at the top of the repository page (in the About section) Repositories should have the following: document.modelContext.registerTool({ name: "search_products", descript
MATCH ChatGPT: an emerging open standard and the future of the agent-native web. The top 10 submissions will each receive $3,000 in cash, one Codex Micro, ChatGPT Pro for one year, OpenAI merch, and additional prizes from challenge supporters, subject to the official rules. Get started Learn what WebMCP enables. Read the WebMCP specification and Chrome’s developer documentation t
MATCH Chrome with WebMCP: collaborate, and create together. What to Submit Provide a working live URL that judges can access using ChatGPT’s in-app browser or Google Chrome with WebMCP enabled. You may host your application on ChatGPT Sites, Cloudflare, Vercel, Render, Netlify, or any other provider of your choice. You may also authenticate your application if you wish. If so, you can add the credenti
MATCH WebMCP Leverage:  Browser Platform Lead, OpenAI Sarah Drasner Distinguished Engineer, Chrome, Google Sean Roberts VP of Applied AI, Netlify Judging Criteria WebMCP Leverage How thoroughly and skillfully does the project use WebMCP? Does the code reflect genuine effort and a working, non-trivial implementation? Execution Does the project deliver a working or runnable project that has a comp
MATCH Potential Impact: the project deliver a working or runnable project that has a complete, coherent product experience — not just a technical proof of concept? Potential Impact Does the project make a credible, specific case for solving a real problem for a real audience — and does the solution actually address that problem based on what's demonstrated? Creativity & Ambition How creative and n
MATCH Creativity & Ambition: fic case for solving a real problem for a real audience — and does the solution actually address that problem based on what's demonstrated? Creativity & Ambition How creative and novel is the concept and does the project differ from existing concepts? Questions? Email the hackathon manager Invite others to compete Hackathon sponsors This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Go

URL: https://webmcp.devpost.com/rules
HTTP bytes: 109641
SHA-256: d506235a43c55f1cb3d3aea5d8df64afa7416f3241a7cf3f46c1596abf7393cf
MATCH public code repository:  people and agents can do together that was difficult or impossible before Briefly explain how you implemented WebMCP Provide a URL to your public code repository (on GitHub, GitLab and Bitbucket) that must contain: All necessary source code, assets, and instructions required for the project to be functional Must be open source by including an open source license file. This licen
MATCH open source license:  contain: All necessary source code, assets, and instructions required for the project to be functional Must be open source by including an open source license file. This license should be detectable and visible at the top of the repository page (in the About section) This license should be detectable and visible at the top of the repository page (in the About section). Those 
MATCH ChatGPT: d maintain an entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Hackathon. Get access to WebMCP. Download the ChatGPT desktop app and use its in-app browser, which supports WebMCP by default. Alternatively, download Google Chrome 149 or later, enable chrome://flags/#enable-webmcp-testing, and restart the browser. Make sure judges can a
MATCH Chrome with WebMCP: t the browser. Make sure judges can access your working live project. Judges may test WebMCP tools using ChatGPT’s in-app browser or Google Chrome with WebMCP enabled. Optionally, install the Devpost Plugin from the Hackathon Website. Use of the Devpost Plugin is not required to enter or win. See Section 5 (Devpost Plugin) for terms of use. Optionally, Entrants may request 3,
MATCH WebMCP Leverage: eria”): Entries will be judged on the following equally weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the judges: WebMCP Leverage : How thoroughly and skillfully does the project use WebMCP? Does the code reflect genuine effort and a working, non-trivial implementation? Execution : Does the project deliver a working or runnable project that has a 
MATCH Potential Impact: the project deliver a working or runnable project that has a complete, coherent product experience — not just a technical proof of concept? Potential Impact : Does the project make a credible, specific case for solving a real problem for a real audience — and does the solution actually address that problem based on what's demonstrated? Creativity & Ambition : How creative a
MATCH Creativity & Ambition: fic case for solving a real problem for a real audience — and does the solution actually address that problem based on what's demonstrated? Creativity & Ambition : How creative and novel is the concept and does the project differ from existing concepts? The scores from the Judges will determine the potential winners of the applicable prizes. The Entrant(s) that are eligible for 
MATCH September 3: MBER OF ENTRANT), THE HACKATHON SPONSOR, AND DEVPOST. 1. Dates and Timing Registration Period : August 25th, 2026 (11:00 am Pacific Time) – September 3rd, 2026 (1:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Registration Period”). Submission Period : August 25th, 2026 (11:00 am Pacific Time) – September 3rd, 2026 (1:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Submission Period”). Judging Period : September 4th, 2
